subwallet updates (#802)
moonbeam-foundation/moonbeam-docs: tokens/connect/subwallet.md

From the settings menu, click **Manage networks**.

![The settings screen on the SubWallet browser extension.](/images/tokens/connect/subwallet/subwallet-12.png)

Click the **+** icon in the top right corner and enter in the [network configurations](/builders/get-started/quick-start/#network-configurations){target=_blank}. You can also manage and connect to other networks from this menu.

![The tokens screen on the SubWallet browser extension.](/images/tokens/connect/subwallet/subwallet-13.png)

By default, all balances are hidden in SubWallet, but if you press the **Show balance** icon, you can toggle balance visibility.

![The tokens screen on the SubWallet browser extension.](/images/tokens/connect/subwallet/subwallet-14.png)

## Interact with the Network {: #interact-with-the-network }

Once you've [connected SubWallet](#connect-subwallet-to-moonbeam) to any Moonbeam-based network, you can start using your wallet by:

- Receiving a token from another address
- Sending a token to another address
- Adding tokens to SubWallet and interacting with them

### Receive a Token {: #receive-a-token }

> To receive a token from another account, you would need to show your wallet address to your counter-party, and they can send their assets to such address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To receive a token from another account, you would need to show your wallet address to your counterparty, and they can send their assets to such address.
```
